Hamas has released a video of a captive
held in Gaza criticizing Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu H goldber
poin is an American Israeli who was
taken captive at the Music Festival on
October the 7th going to get more with a
correspondent in occupied East Jerusalem
Bernard Smith so what's the message in
this V video
burnard there's an almost thre minute
long video of 23-year-old hirsh Goldberg
Poland he was taken captive from that
super over Rave Festival that was
happening in the early hours of October
7th not far from the Gaza fence in fact
there's video around of of the time when
he was taken captive he was Sheltering
in a bomb shelter a grenade was thrown
in and he was shown badly injured in
fact his left hand was blown off and in
the video today we see that he's missing
uh that left hand in the video uh he
openly criticizes Benjamin Netanyahu who
says he not doing enough blames him for
not getting the captives out remember of
course that when these videos are
released these people are not speaking
freely they will be told what they can
and cannot say by their captors but
obviously he we he's clearly being held
captive and says he's been underground
for about nearly 200 days so there's no
spe days so there's no fixed time on the
video but we are just now overmarking
the 200 days since October the 7th it's
re so it's reasonably current and it's
the first video we've had actually since
in about 3 months Israel calls the use
of these videos deplorable psychological
warfare Bernard I understand also we're
seeing some some reports that the the
chief of staff of the Israeli Army is
also been in Kyo this is another Dynamic
of course to this conflict he's been
talking the proposed Israeli military
operation in Gaza in Rafa specifically
what more do we know about that
well this is just coming from a specific
uh Egyptian News Agency News website
it's saying that the head of the Israeli
Army and the head of the shim bets have
been in Cairo speaking to their Egyptian
counterparts to try and sort of put them
at ease or allay their fears about
what's going to happen in Rafa Egypt is
very worried that a large ground
operation in Rafa could send T tens of
thousands of Palestinians over the
Border potentially into EG Egypt so what
this website is reporting is that the
Israelis have been saying that any
operation is going to be slow and
gradual instead of a comprehensive
Invasion and at the moment the Israelis
are set telling their Egyptian
counterparts they have no deadline for
this uh the start of this invasion they
say they'll do it when the humanitarian
conditions allow it's interesting that
this is being reported because there's
been this enormous pressure on Israel
not to launch a full scale ground
operation because of the potential for
many tens of thousands of casualties but
Israel has been insisting it's going to
go ahead with an operation but this
suggestion is that it's going to be much
more specific and much less uh much more
targeted if you like looking for
specific Hamas targets than a large
scale ground Invasion might have been
talking to us from occupied East
Jerusalem that's Bon and Smith boner
thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler